# Sandwich Maker case study
This repository contains all the artifacts developed in the solar panel vacuum cleaner case study. These are structured as follows:

## models 
These are different models designed during the development of the case study:
   
   1. **robochart** This is the robochart model of the controller.
   2. **robosim** This is the robosim model derived from the robochart model above.
   3. **p-model** This is the physical models of the robot.
   4. **simulink** This is the simulink model used for test generation.
   5. **sdf** This is the sdf model derived from the p-model above.
   
## documentation
These are documents that explain different aspects this project.
   1. **diagrams** This provides explainations of the RoboChart, RoboSim and PhysMod (p-model) diagrams
   2. **dynamics** This documents the calculations performed to derive the dynamic equations of the robotic arm.
## code
   1. **controller_for_testing** This is the controller that is being used to run the automatically generated tests.

## simulation
   1. **scenes** These are various CoppeliaSim scenes used to simulate the vacuum cleaner.
   2. **gazebo** This folder contains the simulation tailored to the simulator Gazebo.
   		1. **simple_diff_drive** Contains the example based on a simple differential-drive robot.
      		1. **simple** Contains a simple example used only for initial tests; includes SDF models and C++ controllers.
      		2. **solarpanel** Contains the SDF model of the solar panel.
      		3. **robot** Contains a more complete model of the vacuum cleaner robot in SDF and more complete controller implemented in C++.
         		1. **plugins** Contains controller implementations.
            		1. **controller** Contains implementation based on RoboChart state machines. *DOES NOT WORK*.
            		2. **simple_controller** Contains implementation based on description of the robot; implemented directly in C++. *WORKS*
               		1. **build.sh** Script to compile the plugin.
               		2. **load_model.sh** Script to run the simulation. The simulation is paused.
      		4. **world.sdf** Contains the description of the environment with references to the robot and the solar panel, and sets up the camera to save images into the tmp folder. These images can be compiled into a video using a command like `ffmpeg -framerate 20 -i image-%05d.jpg output.mp4`, where `image-%05d.jpg` describes the format of the name of the images as being numbered using 5 digits. The images generated by Gazebo do not follow this format and need to be renamed, so far the easiest way I have found of renaming them is using `GPRename` on linux.
## testing
   1. **tests** This folder contains the automatically generated tests.
   2. **results** This folder contains the results of the generated tests produced automatically by the testing scene above.
## images
   This folder includes generated images of the various diagram to facilitate inclusion in other documents. *Notice that these images may be outdated. I'm in the process of reviewing all models and will regenerate the figures.*
## videos
   This folder includes videos the simulations.

<!--
# Instructions to run tests

## Setup
1) Put the tests in the folder *testing/tests*
2) Open in CoppeliaSim the scene *simulation/scenes/initial.ttt*
   1) Double click the script icon next to the Base element in the Scene hierarchy. This will open a text editor.
   2) change the variable basepath to contain the path to the folder *testing* of the git repository on your local file system
3) Open a terminal and cd into the *code/controller_for_testing* folder in the git repository.
   1) set up an environment variable VREP_PATH to point to the programming folder in the CoppeliaSim installation dir, or hard code it in the file *vacuum_cleaner.pro*.
   2) run *qmake*
   3) run *make*

## Test execution
1) Double click the script icon next to the Base element in the Scene hierarchy. This will open a text editor.
   1) change the variable filename to contain the test (e.g., test1.csv, test1.txt)
   2) close the script editor
2) Click the start/resume simulation button in CoppeliaSim (this will start the simulation and pause it)
3) Open a terminal and cd into the controller_no_button
   1) run "make run" (this will start the controller and resume the simulation)
   2) wait until the simulation stops
4) Once the simulation has stopped, look for the results in the results folder. The file name will be the same
as the input name.

_If you don't want the simulation to stop, you can comment line 79 and uncomment line 80 in the Base script (in CoppeliaSim).
This will pause the simulation when the first slice reaches the end of the conveyor belt. In this case, the results will only be
written to disk when you stop the simulation using the "Stop simulation" button in CoppeliaSim._
-->
