Acumen Individual Contributors (AIC) BSD Software License

Permits source and binary redistribution for both non-commercial and
commercial use.

Copyright (Â©) 2010-2014, Acumen Individual Contributors (AIC)

All rights reserved.

The Acumen Individual Contributors (AIC) are currently Adam Duracz,
Jan Duracz, Walid Taha, Viktor Vasilev, Yingfu Zeng, and Fei Xu.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms of the AIC owned
components of this software, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* The name of the Acumen Individual Contributors (AIC) and the names
of any of the individuals in that group may not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY AIC "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL AIC OR ANY OF THE AIC CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
